---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routing-v1alpha1_default_router Data Source - routing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routing-v1alpha1_default_router (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the DefaultRouter
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) DefaultRouter enables the configuration of default routing instances on a specified Node, including options for BGP configuration, import and export policies, and router IDs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DefaultRouterStatus defines the observed state of DefaultRouter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `bgp` (Attributes) BGP configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp))
- `description` (String) Sets the description on the Default router.
- `ecmp` (Number) Set the maximum number of ECMP paths for the DefaultRouter. This is supported only by some platforms, and will be ignored for others.
- `export_policy` (List of String) Reference to a Policy resource to use when evaluating route exports from the DefaultRouter.
- `import_policy` (List of String) Reference to a Policy resource to use when evaluating route imports into the DefaultRouter.
- `node` (String) Reference to a TopoNode on which to configure the default routing instance.
- `route_leaking` (Attributes) Route leaking controlled by routing policies in and out of the DefaultRouter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--route_leaking))
- `router_id` (String) Router ID in dotted quad notation.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Autonomous System number for BGP.
- `ebgp_preference` (Number) Preference to be set for eBGP.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables BGP in the default VRF.
- `ibgp_preference` (Number) Preference to be set for iBGP.
- `ipv4_unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv4 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv4_unicast))
- `ipv6_unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv6 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv6_unicast))
- `keychain` (String) Keychain to be used for authentication
- `l2_vpn_evpn` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the EVPN AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp--l2_vpn_evpn))
- `min_wait_to_advertise` (Number) Minimum wait time before advertising routes post BGP restart.
- `rapid_withdrawl` (Boolean) Enable rapid withdrawal in BGP.
- `send_community_large` (Boolean) When false, all large (12 byte) BGP communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_community_standard` (Boolean) When false, all standard (4 byte) communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `wait_for_fib_install` (Boolean) Wait for FIB installation before advertising routes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv4_unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp.ipv4_unicast`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of IPv4 Unicast routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv4 unicast AFISAFI.
- `multipath` (Attributes) Enable multipath. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv4_unicast--multipath))
- `rapid_update` (Boolean) Enables rapid update.
- `receive_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables the advertisement of the RFC 5549 capability to receive IPv4 routes with IPv6 next-hops.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv4_unicast--multipath"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp.ipv4_unicast.multipath`

Optional:

- `allow_multiple_as` (Boolean) When set to true, BGP is allowed to build a multipath set using BGP routes with different neighbor AS (most recent AS in the AS_PATH), When set to false, BGP is only allowed to use non-best paths for ECMP if they meet the multipath criteria and they have the same neighbor AS as the best path.
- `max_allowed_paths` (Number) The maximum number of BGP ECMP next-hops for BGP routes with an NLRI belonging to the address family of this configuration context.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv6_unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp.ipv6_unicast`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv6 unicast AFISAFI
- `multipath` (Attributes) Enable multipath (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv6_unicast--multipath))
- `rapid_update` (Boolean) Enables rapid update.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp--ipv6_unicast--multipath"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp.ipv6_unicast.multipath`

Optional:

- `allow_multiple_as` (Boolean) When set to true, BGP is allowed to build a multipath set using BGP routes with different neighbor AS (most recent AS in the AS_PATH), When set to false, BGP is only allowed to use non-best paths for ECMP if they meet the multipath criteria and they have the same neighbor AS as the best path.
- `max_allowed_paths` (Number) The maximum number of BGP ECMP next-hops for BGP routes with an NLRI belonging to the address family of this configuration context.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp--l2_vpn_evpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp.l2_vpn_evpn`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of EVPN routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the L2VPN EVPN AFISAFI.
- `inter_asvpn` (Boolean) Enable inter-AS VPN for EVPN.
- `multipath` (Attributes) Enable multipath (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bgp--l2_vpn_evpn--multipath))
- `rapid_update` (Boolean) Enables rapid update.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bgp--l2_vpn_evpn--multipath"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bgp.l2_vpn_evpn.multipath`

Optional:

- `allow_multiple_as` (Boolean) When set to true, BGP is allowed to build a multipath set using BGP routes with different neighbor AS (most recent AS in the AS_PATH), When set to false, BGP is only allowed to use non-best paths for ECMP if they meet the multipath criteria and they have the same neighbor AS as the best path.
- `max_allowed_paths` (Number) The maximum number of BGP ECMP next-hops for BGP routes with an NLRI belonging to the address family of this configuration context.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--route_leaking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.route_leaking`

Optional:

- `export_policy` (String) Reference to a Policy resource to use when evaluating route exports from the DefaultRouter.
- `import_policy` (String) Reference to a Policy resource to use when evaluating route imports into the DefaultRouter.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the Router.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the Router.
