---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routing-v1alpha1_default_interface_list Data Source - routing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routing-v1alpha1_default_interface_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) DefaultInterface enables the configuration of default interfaces, including Interface references, DefaultRouter, VLAN IDs, IP MTU settings, and options for IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. It also supports unnumbered interfaces and BFD (Bidirectional Forwarding Detection) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DefaultInterfaceStatus defines the observed state of DefaultInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `bfd` (Attributes) Enable or disable BFD on this DefaultInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--bfd))
- `default_router` (String) Reference to a DefaultRouter.
- `description` (String) The description of the DefaultInterface.
- `interface` (String) Reference to an Interface to use for attachment.
- `ip_mtu` (Number) Set the IP MTU for the DefaultInterface.
- `ipv4_addresses` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 addresses in ip/mask form, e.g., 192.168.0.1/24. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_addresses))
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) List of IPv6 addresses in ip/mask form, e.g., fc00::1/120. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_addresses))
- `unnumbered` (String) Enables the use of unnumbered interfaces on the ISL. For IPv6, no IP address are configured on the sub-interface and only the link local address will be used. If any allocation pool is specified for IPv6 that will take precedence and IPs will be assigned to the interfaces.  When using eBGP for an underlay protocol, the DefaultInterfaces which are a part of the ISL will be added to the BGP dynamic neighbor list.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN to use with this DefaultInterface.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.bfd`

Optional:

- `desired_min_transmit_int` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between transmission of BFD control packets[default=1000000].
- `detection_multiplier` (Number) The number of packets that must be missed to declare this session as down. [default=3]
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable Biforward Detection[default=false].
- `min_echo_receive_interval` (Number) The minimum interval between echo packets the local node can receive in microseconds
- `required_min_receive` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between received BFD control packets that this system should support.[default=1000000].
- `ttl` (Number) Sets custom IP TTL or Hop Limit for multi-hop BFD sessions packets. Not appllicable to single-hop BFD sessions.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4_addresses`

Optional:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_addresses`

Optional:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the DefaultInterface.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this Interface last changed state.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the DefaultInterface.
