---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routing-v1alpha1_route_trace_list Data Source - routing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routing-v1alpha1_route_trace_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) RouteTraceSpec defines the desired state of RouteTrace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) RouteTraceStatus defines the observed state of RouteTrace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `address` (String) This is a standard IPv4 or IPv6 address, excluding mask or prefix length, e.g. 12.0.0.1.
- `network_instance` (String) Network Instance is the locally named network instance to use for the lookup.
Can be omitted if the default network instance is to be used.
- `node` (String) Node is the name of the node to execute lookups on.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `links` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--links))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.links`

Read-Only:

- `from_node` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--links--from_node))
- `to_node` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--links--to_node))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--links--from_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.links.from_node`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Boolean) Extract indicate the from node owns the address.
- `direct` (Boolean) Direct indicates that the host is directly connected to the node.
- `error` (String) If the trace is not successful, this field will contain an error message on the 'to' node.
- `interface` (String) Interface is the name of the interface on the node that the trace is either entering or exiting.
- `local_address` (String) LocalAddress is the local address of the endpoint (e.g. the nexthop address on the 'to' node).
- `node` (String) Node is the name of the node where the endpoint is located.


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--links--to_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.links.to_node`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Boolean) Extract indicate the from node owns the address.
- `direct` (Boolean) Direct indicates that the host is directly connected to the node.
- `error` (String) If the trace is not successful, this field will contain an error message on the 'to' node.
- `interface` (String) Interface is the name of the interface on the node that the trace is either entering or exiting.
- `local_address` (String) LocalAddress is the local address of the endpoint (e.g. the nexthop address on the 'to' node).
- `node` (String) Node is the name of the node where the endpoint is located.
