---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routing-v1alpha1_route_lookup_list Data Source - routing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routing-v1alpha1_route_lookup_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) This workflow is used to look up routes on a set of nodes.
It takes an address, and an optional list of nodes (or node selectors - a list of label expressions) to perform the lookup on,
and returns the matching route, and the set of egress interfaces that would be used to reach it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) RouteLookupStatus defines the observed state of RouteLookup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address to perform a lookup for.
This is a standard IPv4 or IPv6 address, excluding mask or prefix length, e.g. 12.0.0.1.
- `network_instance` (String) Network Instance is the locally named network instance to use for the lookup.
Can be omitted if the default network instance is to be used.
- `node_selectors` (List of String) Node Selectors is a list of node label selectors to execute lookups on.
This is a list of label expressions, e.g. ["eda.nokia.com/role=leaf", "eda.nokia.com/region=us-west"].
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a list of node names to execute lookups on.
- `resolve` (Boolean) Resolve indicates whether indirect next hops should be resolved.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `found` (Boolean)
- `nodes_with_route` (Number)
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--results))
- `total_nodes` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.results`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String)
- `found` (Boolean)
- `network_instance` (String)
- `next_hop_group_id` (Number)
- `next_hops` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--results--next_hops))
- `node` (String)
- `raw_output` (String)
- `route` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--results--next_hops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.results.next_hops`

Read-Only:

- `indirect` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--results--next_hops--indirect))
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--results--next_hops--interfaces))
- `ip_address` (String)
- `next_hop_id` (Number)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--results--next_hops--indirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.results.next_hops.indirect`

Read-Only:

- `ip_prefix` (String)
- `next_hop_group_id` (Number)
- `resolved` (Boolean)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--results--next_hops--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.results.next_hops.interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `local_address` (String) Local IP address of the egress interface
- `name` (String) Name of the egress interface.
- `peer_node` (String) The node this interface is connected to.
