---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routing-v1alpha1_system_ping_list Data Source - routing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routing-v1alpha1_system_ping_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) SystemPing allows performing ping between systems to their system interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) The result of the System ping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `address_family` (String) AddressFamily is the address family to use for the ping.
It can be one of the following values:
- "Ipv4": Use Ipv4 addresses for the ping.
- "Ipv6": Use Ipv6 addresses for the ping.
- "DualStack": Use both Ipv4 and Ipv6 addresses for the ping.
- `count` (Number) Count is the number of pings to send.
- `node_selectors` (List of String) List of node selectors to select nodes whose system interfaces will be pinged.
This matches labels on TopoNode resources.
If no nodes  and no node selectors and no systemInterfaces as well no systemInterface selectors are specified,
then all nodes in the given namespace will be selected.
This is a list of label expressions, e.g. ["eda.nokia.com/role=leaf"].
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes whose system interfaces will be pinged.
This matches names of TopoNode resources.
- `system_interface_selectors` (List of String) SystemInterface Selectors is a list of selectors to execute System pings for.
This is a list of label expressions, e.g. ["eda.nokia.com/role=leaf", "eda.nokia.com/region=us-west"].
- `system_interfaces` (List of String) SystemInterfaces is a list of named SystemInterface resources to execute System pings for.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds is the timeout for the ping in seconds.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes List) Details contains the results of the pings performed for each SystemInterface.
Each entry in the list corresponds to a SystemInterface that was pinged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--details))
- `result` (String) Result is the overall result of the ping operation.
It can be one of the following values:
- "Success": All pings were successful.
- "Failed": No pings were successful.
- "PartialSuccess": Some pings were successful, but not all.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.details`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes) Details of the ping result, if available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--details--details))
- `error` (String) Error message, if the ping failed.
- `name` (String) Name of the ping result.
- `success` (Boolean) Indicates if the ping was successful.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--details--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.details.details`

Read-Only:

- `average_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Average time taken for a ping reply.
- `max_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Maximum time taken for a ping reply.
- `min_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Minimum time taken for a ping reply.
- `received` (Number) Number of pings received.
- `sent` (Number) Number of pings sent.
- `std_dev_nanoseconds` (Number) Standard deviation of time taken for all pings.
- `total_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Total time taken for all pings.
