---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routing-v1alpha1_system_interface_list Data Source - routing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routing-v1alpha1_system_interface_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) SystemInterfaceSpec defines the desired state of SystemInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) SystemInterfaceStatus defines the observed state of SystemInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `bfd` (Attributes) Enable or disable BFD on this SystemInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--bfd))
- `default_router` (String) Reference to a DefaultRouter.
- `description` (String) The description of the SystemInterface.
- `ipv4_address` (String) IPv4 address in ip/mask form, e.g., 192.168.0.1/32.
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address in ip/mask form, e.g., fc00::1/128.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.bfd`

Optional:

- `desired_min_transmit_int` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between transmission of BFD control packets[default=1000000].
- `detection_multiplier` (Number) The number of packets that must be missed to declare this session as down. [default=3]
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable Biforward Detection[default=false].
- `min_echo_receive_interval` (Number) The minimum interval between echo packets the local node can receive in microseconds
- `required_min_receive` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between received BFD control packets that this system should support.[default=1000000].
- `ttl` (Number) Sets custom IP TTL or Hop Limit for multi-hop BFD sessions packets. Not appllicable to single-hop BFD sessions.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the SystemInterface.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this Interface last changed state.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the SystemInterface.
